how to make a loose tank top fit when a
tank top is too deep on the neck or on
the arms or both it can be made to fit
by taking a little off of the neck
straps for a good tank top to work it
needs to be equally deep equally too
deep on both or also can be altered to
make it equal try on the tank top and
test by pulling up on the straps and
folding them over as if they were hemmed
if the arm holes are good and the neck
is good you can pull off the
modification if the neck becomes too
tight you might be able to still pull
off the modification by trimming it
deeper when you're done on this tank top
we have about three inches of extra
cloth you can see about an inch and a
half fold over here it will work on the
neck and the arm they're both equally
deep spread out the tank top and cut the
strap the same is not in the center of
the strap it's a little towards the back
so we went a little less than an inch
behind the seam about two inches in
front we removed about three inches of
cloth use the first piece you cut as a
guide on where to cut the second piece
so that you cut an even amount of each
side and get a balanced tank top you
don't want to be lopsided now it's time
so the cut ends together with the shirt
inside out line up the next sides of the
scenes uncurl to see if they are even in
this case we have a little bit of extra
cloth start sewing from the neck and so
across snipping off any extra cloth to
make it even if applicable here we
angled about half inch of cloth we cut
off and we angled about two inches so it
is even it just curl right over so
there's no need to be perfect here we're
trying out a tank top the our holes are
perfect but the neck looks a little
weird and is a little tight we are going
to trim the neck to shape and in the
process we're going to cut it about a
half an inch deeper the back fits
perfectly and we'll leave it the way it
is here we have trimmed a little bit off
the front of the neck we've made it look
neat and
of evenly well lower in about a half an
inch you can barely notice the
difference from before but it looks a
lot neater and feels a lot more
comfortable the tank top now fits
perfectly we have just salvaged a two
large tank top and made it into a
perfect cut off tank top just by taking
off a piece off of the shoulder straps